coming up next it's Dexter's Laboratory
followed by the bugs and Daffy's show on
Cartoon Network high-definition
television made possible by Panasonic
take that ordinary room and create an
extraordinary room with your free
domestication Catalog discover the huge
selection of beautiful home furnishings
call one 800 850 nine four four eight
for your free catalog we're behind the
joy of getting a satellite TV system is
the sorrow of paying for it
with Cox digital cable you pay just a
low installation fee there's nothing to
buy and service and repair our free
what will you get for your investment
when the technology becomes obsolete
with Cox digital cable there's no
equipment to buy and we'll continue to
update our service with the latest
technology it's finding no only on video
Scooby Doo on the alien invader invader
is now available only on video cassette
and DVD with Littlefoot Cera spike we
knew Land Before Time dinosaurs in
marshmallow alphabet cereal part of this
good breakfast think you got what it
takes to hang with holy hawk you know
Hot Wheels extreme skateboard a
supercharged electric motor and killer
kickback action means the monster tricks
and never ends drop it at the skate park
and these guys have more backside
boardslides Ryan
then you can check your skit
wedeck sidekick grinders and boy swing
action figure model so build your own
Gundam mobile suit gundam snap-together
multicolored pieces no required extreme
articulation
pick your favorite or collect them all
condom your model kits only from bandai
sending
my look in my children's eyes something
special about grandparents or baking
Christmas is so special
better the action the main attraction
now I'm showing how feel
four years ago a little-known cartoon
about a boy scientist and his oversized
laboratory made its debut on Cartoon
Network
two episodes and a couple Emmy
nominations later Dexter's Laboratory
has become one of the most popular shows
and cartoon industry please join us as
we pay tribute to all our favorite
episodes of Dexter's Lab and a special
seminar presentation watch Cartoon
Network's favorite Dexter's Sunday at
noon
Network which one is your favorite
favorite I love cow and chicken both
equally seriously which one is your
favorite cow and chicken weekdays at
1:00 only on Cartoon Network if you had
to pick just one I am NOT gonna do this
makes me so dizzy